the prudent president of São Paulo is not even two years old this year
2007 disputed its second championship of the second division in the first year one
excellent campaign has qualified up to the last stage but narrowly
got access to the a3 series this year
in 2007
makes an even better campaign is the third best team among the 48 clubs
who contests the championship and is the second best attack with 38 goals
already considered up to one of the favorites to access the series a3 of 2008
the biggest fall of the president 'adriano' clean day and he will tell us a
novelty for this second phase that the east of São Paulo like this now in this end
of week
precedent with this novelty that the ever-present São Paulo supporter
prudent
can wait for the club in this second phase
me and the president
I already hired some players
ef
I think the moment is coming.
to the river as a precedent
and we find an interesting moment, moment is favorable for what the
previous adriano 'contractile adrián the player
the players so much time to him that I tou
sang still motivated that I have with the blood of player I want to be
champion I want to score goals
so I'm entering the inertia in this new stage in the second phase
Already
starting to train with the companions for what
I can knit I understand inside field too along with the companion tale
andré the first time you go to work next to your brother
the technical julian of the west of São Paulo as the family is seeing this new phase
will be a really first the moment that I will work celebrated even as
Coach A coach who is standing out very well
and I as a player always respect the coach in the gq
I, as precedent, have some other name of guessing of opinion
talk in the meeting area we do some
important situation
but as a player we also have to be smart to respect the
Coach respects teammates. I think we have what we're doing.
always because the group is more important axis São Paulo is more important
and we always think of the 9th positive so we always work with music
always aiming to conquer new things in our life
his last official game was for the youth in the a-1 series of that year
since then, as the drainage is preparing, the player
it was my problem in the physical part that it really is a problem I
never been a giver of players
I would like to practice more
strive to vote
really doing the
o my best
why my physical conditioning is very close to the dudu dudu
idéal if possible in my and of real
who then partnered my work in the field and facilitate the plays that the
people have to be acriano every every moment in the field when you
founded the club
passed through your head one day
the ale index is the precedent besides commanding outside the field to be able to act
inside also by the shirt 2 São Paulo
that's when I inaugurated it and the
the west of São Paulo in the past when
I
Thank you, I had a question if I was ever watching.
company's own axa
I asked if I ever wear the São Paulo hatch shirt
and I always said that the possibility would exist
that I have to be I did not think of playing now I thought of tap
end of maybe my career with 36 37 years
I had not thought about playing either now that's the way it is
happening as we also think it is
important this access to three this year we are really wanting
and do our best to do a very professional job
prudent policies tg in the next year and 2008 played with the silver 3
previous
who's going to hit a penalty kick if he's in the field
look at me or not as precedent in the era of a team that you have to reach
there is authority, your gift will hit
if I had never struck the penalty in my career
I think I would or would not have come from São Paulo and also from my arrival
There I am present I am going to hit not in any way
so I have to behave like I'm a guy
educated
and do not like to pass in front of anyone without having
I have the condition to beat the turkey because my whole career slaughters
painting all the places I
that I played the penalty kick then the west of São Paulo really if they had to
field and with confidence
the Giuliano coach himself who
will give the whole to my speeches on who beats lose adrianou if he gets another
moment he talks about who knocks by is another clear player that respect will
have to be always me
I have confidence and I'm sure I'll get the ball baba I have to
to thank